Section V: Protocol Analysis and Enhancement

1.) In our email server program, we are using both public and private keys, plus a generated symmetric key in order to
encrypt the messages sent between the server and client. While these methods do provide a secure connection, it is
still vulnerable to certain attacks. Specifically, this protocol is vulnerable to a Man in the Middle (MitM) attack.
The format of this attack goes as such:

    1.	The attacker positions themselves between the client and the server (e.g. through DNS spoofing).

    2.	The public key of recipient could then be intercepted and replaced with the attackers own public key.
        If the sender uses the attackers public key, the message sent can be decrypted by the attacker using their own private key.

    3.	The contents of the message can now be altered by the attacker. It is then re-encrypted using the public key of recipient and sent forward.

If the symmetric key is ever decrypted by the attacker, they can then decrypt all communications sent using that symmetric key.

2.) One way that we could improve the security of our protocol against a MitM attack is by using a nonce (number used once).
A nonce is a number that will be generated through each encryption to ensure that it is a unique encryption.
This helps to prevent replay attacks if an attacker grabs a valid piece of encrypted data.

Another way we could modify our protocol to make it more secure is by using Message Authentication Code (MAC) in our
encryption and decryption methods. This method ensure that the message has not been altered in any way. It would be best
to use Hash-based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) as we could also use a hash function to further improve the
security of our protocol. We decided to go with SHA-256 as our hash function, as that seemed to provide a robust security system against message manipulation.

Some better ways to modify our code would be to switch our AES.MODE from using Electronic Code Book (ECB) to
Cipher Block Chaining (CBC), which uses an identification vector to provide further security.
Or we also could’ve used SSL methods, but these were not allowed as per the specs of the assignment.